New horse armor, a zombie Nautilus
variant, spear changes, and more just
came in the newest snapshot. First, we
just got confirmation from Mojang that
these are the final features of the
drop. So, rest in peace Hoglin and polar
bear jockeyies. Next, there's a new
advancement for when you spear five
enemies with a single charge attack. You
can use five of the same mobs, and you
don't have to kill them, and you can
currently cheese this advancement pretty
hard by just using armor sticks. Next,
the spear got a small nerf, making it
harder to hit mobs with it. Previously,
the charge attack was pretty forgiving,
letting the player hit mobs from up to
four pixels away from their hitboxes.
But now, the player has to be within two
pixels of the hitbox, making it slightly
harder to land a charge attack. Next,
the zombie nautilus just got a new
variant that spawns in warm oceans.
These are exactly the same as the
regular zombie nautilus, but have coral
growing out of them. And finally, we got
Netherite horse armor, which can be made
like you'd expect and is way better than
diamond horse armor with eight more
armor points. With diamond horse armor,
a netherite sword crit would do just
over nine damage.